chore(release): Automated agent plugin release notes (v0.9.24) (#1103)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-plugin/agent-plug-v-0-9-24.md

---
title: v0.9.24 Armory Agent Clouddriver Plugin (2021-12-14)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.09.24
---

> Added store support for resourceVersion in kubernetes kinds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Improvements

Added support for reading `resourceVersion` in Manifest events.
```

---
title: v0.9.24 Armory Agent Clouddriver Plugin (2021-12-14)
toc_hide: true
version: 00.09.24
---

## Improvements

> Added support for reading `resourceVersion` in Manifest events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added store support for `resourceVersion` in Kubernetes kinds.
```
